what is going on guys it's oh jeez Alex
for the win here and today I am going to
be showing you guys a brand new glitch
my friends at zombies this was both
found and recorded by ok otic ravager
and a special thanks from me to him for
allowing me to use his clips now
basically what this glitch allows you to
do is pretty much war breach anything in
the map it's very useful but
unfortunately isn't one of the use of
glitches I've ever uploaded and that
pretty much is the reason why this has
been uploaded to my second channel so
what you are going to be doing is pretty
much going into any corner that you want
to wall breach you're going to place
down your turbine and what you're going
to do is get how you zombie shield what
you're then going to do is place Daniel
zombie shield taking your turbine and
you're going to jump backwards and have
either a friend start up a lag switch or
you're going to start by lag switch
yourself now if you do this correctly
you will wall breach and as you can see
here chaotic ravager is inside the mini
table this is the table right inside the
diner where the mystery box begins now
what you can pretty much do with this
glitch is go into any corner and you get
a good chance of war breaching anything
it's pretty useful if you have patience
and time but i would like to once again
thank chaotic ravager for this video is
a good good friend of mine and has been
out for some time take your time to go
and subscribe to his channel remember
that this is my second channel and you
can obviously find most of my videos on
my main channel which of course is OG
cedex for the win but anyway guys I hope
you do enjoy the rest of this video I'm
not really asking for a massive amount
of likes if we can get 100 that would be
pretty awesome I do hope you guys want
to get enjoy the rest of this video and
it's been oh jeez a taste for the width
and it catch you guys have a next one
thank you for watching enjoy
future with a girlfriend is very young
we really back in Terra that tag team
double I loved onei McNamara yeah I got
them booties in my will they dig in the
sound she making bail so I mother let it
in the ground I rooibos I'm smooth he
wrong tell the DJ to bring it back like
a recall again but right now we just
live that life pretty big gotta hold it
down
in focus on being great by ATP makes you
so impossible I really wanted I won't
record it with the passionate swimming
we study laughing I just needed a posse
is not hme a dream it's clearing in
vinegar made a fan proud like a la
cienega yeah but right now we're just
living life pretty big gotta hold it
down for my city
no matter where we go you know we're
bringing things we bring any Vegas we
bring it back
what I hate three
life that we make let it out go see it
wake up in the am the life goes by tell
me how to came go now i might broke fly
they want me to ain't low but I right so
hiding waiting to take off but I'm
flights go wide it seems to find me or
the trouble I'm there in that pay strim
hits watch me double time that your
saturated and you do it cuz you have to
hate it Cappy count on was graduating do
you need to see your lacks what I state
the facts I got my number one cream when
I'm working just to make it last I take
it back